.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!-- Describe your pull request here.-->


<details>
<summary>Checklist when adding a new endpoint</summary>


<!-- Once you create the PR, check off all the steps below that you have completed.
If any of these steps are not relevant or you have not completed, leave them unchecked.-->

- [ ] Added new endpoint to the `README.md`
- [ ] Ensured that my endpoint name does not repeat the name of the client. Wrong: `client.users.get_user()`, Correct: `client.users.get()`
- [ ] Typed the returned JSON using TypedDicts in `berserk/types/`, [example](https://github.com/lichess-org/berserk/blob/master/berserk/types/team.py#L32)
- [ ] Written tests for GET endpoints not requiring authentification. [Documentation](https://github.com/lichess-org/berserk/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst#using-pytest-recording--vcrpy), [example](https://github.com/lichess-org/berserk/blob/master/tests/clients/test_teams.py#L11)
- [ ] Added the endpoint and your name to `CHANGELOG.md` in the `To be released` section (to be created if necessary)
</details>

Commit message:

Update PR checklist to include POST/authed Docker CI test

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!-- Describe your pull request here.-->


<details>
<summary>Checklist when adding a new endpoint</summary>


<!-- Once you create the PR, check off all the steps below that you have completed.
If any of these steps are not relevant or you have not completed, leave them unchecked.-->

- [ ] Added new endpoint to the `README.md`
- [ ] Ensured that my endpoint name does not repeat the name of the client. Wrong: `client.users.get_user()`, Correct: `client.users.get()`
- [ ] Typed the returned JSON using TypedDicts in `berserk/types/`, [example](https://github.com/lichess-org/berserk/blob/master/berserk/types/team.py#L32)
- [ ] Written tests for GET endpoints not requiring authentification. [Documentation](https://github.com/lichess-org/berserk/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst#using-pytest-recording--vcrpy), [example](https://github.com/lichess-org/berserk/blob/master/tests/clients/test_teams.py#L11)
- [ ] Added the endpoint and your name to `CHANGELOG.md` in the `To be released` section (to be created if necessary)
- [ ] For POST and/or authenticated endpoints: added/updated tests and verified they pass using the Docker CI workflow
</details>
